In this lecture, we will create the
resources folder and we will copy the
application context dot XML file which
is the configuration file for spring to
do that let's first create the source
folder right click on the project say new
source folder folder name SRC / main /
resources this is a maven convention we
put all our resources like XML
properties under this resources folder
hit finished now go back to what you
have downloaded in the previous lecture
the spring j-unit files you can also
download this zip file from the contents
of this lecture once you unzip it has
the form dot XML which you have used in
the previous lecture and it also has a
application hifen context a dot XML
copy that control C go back to eclipse
paste it under SRC main resources it has
the bare bones as the beans element
beans is the root element of every
spring configuration file inside it will
declare all our java objects as beans it
has all the namespaces that we need some
spring the spring beans namespace spring
context in space etc we'll use this in
the next lecture when we do dependency
injection for our services class